Problem 03: Using the Boston data set, build a linear regressor that predicts NOX and another one that predicts median home value.
        This problem’s goal was to build a linear regressor predicting NOX and another predicting home median value (MEDV) using the Boston data set. I checked the data for any null values and for categorical columns and found that the dataset is clear of nulls and has only categories of numeric values. I followed the same processes for NOX and MEDV by first creating a correlation matrix. For MEDV, I found RM  to have a strong positive correlation, and LSTAT had a strong negative correlation to MEDV. I plotted the correlations and the scatter plots did indicate a linear correlation between each of these two and MEDV. As for NOX, I performed the same steps and found INDUS and AGE have a strong positive correlation to NOX, and DIS had a strong negative correlation. Because the data did have significantly different ranges of values for each column, I decided to normalize the data and use a minmax scaler to put all the data within a range of 0 to 1, however later testing results didn’t find this to be very necessary. I left it in my final notebook, however one could remove it if they like and not find a significant performance hindrance.
        I then ran a linear regression against the training set to see how the models would perform, then tested against the test data as well. For MEDV, I found that the model tended to perform slightly better on the training set than the test set which could indicate over-fitting, but this difference varied when testing different random states when I had performed the test/train split. In some cases, the difference was quite minimal. I had also tried dropping lower correlated categories to improve the model, but found no difference. I also tried concatenating RM and LSTAT columns to account for collinearity, but we can definitively see in the results that it made no difference. Overall I think the model performs acceptably well, with a RMSE average of .0874 against the test set.
        For NOX, I found a similar case. Dropping low correlation columns did not seem to help much with the model. After plotting correlations and testing dropping columns, I found that the normal linear regression model performed about the same as with columns dropped. This resulted in a RMSE average of .1168 against the test set.